LeBron stopping Hakeem in the post?? cmon son
Well, woke up early af and waited 2 hours at the DMV for nothing. Just fucking fantastic.
This is scary but the horror movies make it 10x worse lol
Highkey the frats
My god
i think the difference between s1 and s2 is that you can see how loyal the S1 fans are to their pick bcs the ranks maintained throughout
I was a chapter to you, but you were the whole book to me
I m not watching the pd101 stream but im still crying,,, if jaehwan isn't up there,,,
2. All the things you collected, whether treasured or forgotten, will pass to someone else.
Ugandans the main reason the whites feel we're in the grip of a continental famine
Does this mean my Benthan Cruiser will face the right way, now? Been flying backwards for years!
Bezos saved Whole Foods ... gif of the day
Yup , Welcome to the Fake News Capital of America .
Please pay attention to this news as well and pass suitable instruction to the concerned.
The English Teacher by R.K.Narayan.
bobrisky is the funniest person
Uhm. Nope. We did not run over anything nor hit a pothole. It just did a bwoosh and we rode the rim to the light pole.
The inability to be objective tampers with your ability to discuss
BITCH WHOS GONNA BE THE LEADER IF JONGHYUN DOESNT DEBUT UGH
I'll bring the jonnys
I BEEN TELLING YOU THATS THE MOVE BUT YOU WERE SLEEP
the fact that jk kept singing the songs while dancing during festa has me wet especially with take you down
And Russia?
I spend half of my underwear maintenance pulling it OUT of my crack. WTF is the thinking behind (intended) a THONG??
For those, like me who love beautiful boats under sale - The J Class:
Boys in the pool.
come back to the house and you will be slaughtered
Hi. Doesn't the beauty on the right favor...favor the girl in the suicide case?! A little? Am I bugging?
I'm actually surprised he brought the mini Kolibri with him
If they made heroes cross areas, they could be battle between anakin and vador so the heroes have to stay in there areas
Knowledge is the treasure, but judgment is the treasurer of the one who is wise. - William Penn #ALDUBHappyFathersDay
Trust in the LORD with all your heart &amp; lean not on your own understanding. #Proverbs3:5
{Ok guys don't be too sad. As i know from P101 S1, the participants who's not debuted have their own way to achieve their dream. Let's wait}
She lit I'm proud of her
small town boys are always the cutest
The real question now is when are we gonna see the fruits of your Sonic OC class??????
It's the principle of a thing......
Thanks for the ff
some play the game others watch from the sidelines and talk
Trump isn't the "boss" of the United States. He's an elected official. He serves US citizens.
The gathered cooperation of churches (denominations) is voluntary but vital. I count it a blessing to be part of the #SBC.
fk the ads omg
The only time you stay up is for pd101
the ocean truly is what makes me happiest
JISUNG THE MEME GUY
when he bout to cum I start to kiss his neck , I let him score but what we ditch the ref.
yeahhh
The NL West is bringing the HEAT: ¥ ¨
I feel personally attacked
wowie this means that minhyun ranks the highest amongst the pledis boys and jonghyun ranks the lowest how the frick
When you live in Kansas and the most exciting thing that happens here are storms...
Thanks for the share Abbi!
brb I'm gonna burn MNET down bcs the other 9 also deserve better
It's not an optical illusion! He's always been this way.
Also known as "racist pieces of shit"
YES!!!! Then I was pulling them up because I was scared of the VIRUS!!!!
IM ABOUT TO JUMP OUT THIS CAR ONTO THE FREEWAY JISUNG MY SWEET BOY
Its over. I have the high ground.
good pictures/videos. Man, that stabilized 4k video looks so bad while the stabilized 1080p is awesome!
IT'S LIKE ALMOST 1:30AM IN THE MORNING AND I'M HAVING FINAL TOMORROW
I agree tbh. Everyone was shocked when Boa said that she's gonna announce 11-14. Even one of the teachers looked pissed.
I'm always so upset when a meeting in my calendar goes the full time it's scheduled...like why and how'd you do this?
The Naylor report
It is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. -Luke 12.32
Thanks for that image. Someone pass the brain bleach so I can get it out of my head please!
What the hell kinda speech is #potus giving smh is he serious
Fact:
The Batman Lego movie has me dying on this flight. Why didn't anyone tell me it was so funny!?
was this tweeted on the advice of your lawyers?
"We" the people, is all we got
Look in the mirror, Don, and ask yourself how Sasha &amp; Malia felt about your Dad's awful tweets &amp; interviews. And then? STFU.
joining the establishment
the realisations have been real today
THE KID GOT SO HAPPY WHEN HE FOUND OUT THAT NIALL KNOWS ABOUT HIM KHDGJHS THIS IS SO PURE I'M CRYING ¨
can u believe someone got rich over inventing a gay dot to put on the back of ur phone just to hold it
can minhyun just drop out of the final group so nuest can promote as ot5
DJ Kahled is like the Guy Fieri of music
if she thinks that, other muslims do also ...don't need to be a genius to predict response
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to :ursue them."  Walt Disiey
These young ass hoes need to dress and act they own age too now. Shit getting spooky out here
No this is Joss Whedon's script, which actually takes place in the future
I only understand the no 3
Sometimes you just need to escape the reality to achieve your expectation.
IM MAD THIS SOME RACIST BS THE ONLY THING HE FID "WRONG" WAS NOT BEING MIXED WITH CAUCASIAN FUCK
The moment you fall behind on payments, a company will report you to a collection agency for free. If you make your payments on-time every--
people who hide their feelings usually care the most.
tbvh as of now, i'm only a fan of two of the members, but they all deserve it
#Gambling The race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet. - Grantland Rice #quotes #followme
what does mean that?
harriet is the only person i know that i can instictively tell what face is she makin when we text each other
The full Lawyer Employment Act of 2017. aka No Lawyer Left Behind.
because people have a human right to private property. they are already being rehomed temporarily, in the long (1)
The realised man does not know himself as anything apart from the world. He is the world. He is completely rid of himself. N Maharaj
like May to do to unite the country?  expalin the pile its high comment as its meaningless
Janick would be the short with our her heels, she's like 5'1
The reason people have No room for wisdom iz because they are so full of judgment. #ALDUBHappyFathersDay
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Please let the top 3 be daniel daehwi or samuel pls
Noonish Nugget: A great mystery: husband and wife become one flesh, a living symbol of #Christ and the #church.
He also made the facecam vid, he looks like hugz
That's one of the many reasons why we elected President Trump To Protect the the rights of the LGBTQ In the United States
thank you Ivanka for all you ate doing for the nation.
This is not about aap or congress or bjp. Can big farmer which have most of the land and production will ready to pay tax.
Yall niggas are while hitting the nae nae uploading to youtube anime holy heck
Too Funny. When the lawyers got lawyers u know your in big trouble
I hate how in movies on the tv bleep out the bad word but on the music channel they say every swear word in the dictionary
Thank god. This girl is a melting pot of so much that is wrong with the world today
The struggle of your flatmate being in the kitchen when you're hungry but you don't want to talk to them
crazy how one little thing can ruin your mood for the whole day
DON'T "TRUST" TRUMP! HE'S GOT A "VENDETTA"! HE IGNORES AMERICAN PPL AND "KISSES ASS" WITH THE "BAD" "VERY BAD" PEOPLE! TRUMPS BAD PPL/HIMFAM
my boy was amazing tonight nevertheless... not the end baby!! hehe
I was mad close in guessing the 5.... I'm surprised you let the airmax go
placed jonghyun and samuel at 1st and 2nd to droppes them at the finals, y'all korea did that #PRODUCE101FINAL
I could literally make a career as a volleyball coordinator / coach / instructor at the age of 19
jonghyun dropped alot what the fuck
(Not the one who just got hooded. Another one.)
nd we all know about the condition of workers there.. the right give money to left fr there agenda. .
you just described the picture you posted...
THE RESULTS WERE RIGGED I WOULD BET THE TOTAL AMOUNT IN MY ATM ON THIS
Glad to hear about the impromptu protest outside the #KensingtonTownHall - I hope they tear the place down #Grenfell
I don't know, Why you invites ANTI national in your channels ?
MY FLIPPIN HEART
Should the cook in a space hotel be called an "astronaut"? I don't think so.
The guy on the left is a big fan of the dude on the right. #SD40 #FlipFloridaBlue
Your MCM wears camo cargo shorts to the gym
umm the name of the movie is The Father of the Bride
Why you got a paint brush in your coffee cup?
The fields
Tbh i dont really care cus both of them are still in the group isnt it?
There is a present for those who completed the mission. On Sunday, check the World Map.
I fuck up bc I look at a situation and know what I should do. Know how I should handle it and still go the opposite route like a retard
Love when the TL syncs up
a win for the mokke vore agenda as well
If the forecast is as predicted tomorrow I'll put some ankle socks on, less carnage!!
is it #A or #YA? Could maybe delete 'the' to fit that in
mnet hurry the FUCK UP IMMA BEAT YOUR ASS
this dude just gotta give up lol
Lmfao what happened to the money mikey
Protectors of freedom since 1775 U.S. ARMY and Donald J. Trump have the same birth day. A sign from GOD.
Mastodon is looking really good (aside from the lack of like... anybody I know being on it), but I still don't understand instances at all
Mind Blowing
-Dark arches a brow as he looks the flowers over before he bows low and presents his head to be crowned- You are too kind.
It's the hardest times that teach us the most valuable lessons
thE FUCK #PRODUCE101FINAL #WANNAONE
So glad you liked it. Thank you for supporting the film!
...\ What the fuck What did he do /???
It is not okay that Micheal Bloomberg suggest that he will not sit for a review at Heavens Gate but just open the door and walk in.
The original Steph
Please stop doing such things. It smells communist way of thinking. Let the work speak.
I feel like playing the Borderland games again.
A cute farmer boy
Putting on shorts/swim trunks with shallow pockets and having to pick your phone up out of the sand bc you keep forgetting
Gotta move different when the moods different.
Yes. But there are some who still believe the media would not tell such a blatant lie. Many still believe that.
Love this and won't be missing it!
Radio Schack shirt for Father's Day?
Three Dog Night ~ 'Sure As I'm Sittin' Here' from the album The Best Of Three Dog Night [1982]
No Man's Land, Imma let you finish, but First Flight is one of the greatest scenes of all time!
LOOOOLLLLLL I almost got fired 2 weeks into the job
So pleased to announce that we will be holding our Asian Premiere at the Bucheon International Fantastic Film Fest in South Korea! #bifan
Haven't done winged eyeliner for a while and the pen kept getting caught on my flappy eye skin because I am old now.
President Dement-O babbling again on the Tee Vee.
some where in some nieghbor hood a whit kid listening to tupac thinking he is black and he bot to be the next pac.
"Life is on the wire...everything else is just waiting."-Papa Wallenda
The Dear Hunter, Eisley, Jonathan Coulton, and Mono all had great albums in the last year
"The Monado is not simply a unique weapon. It is the light within each and every person in this world."
And the point, madam?
I had to stay late at work the other day because I wasted almost an hour watching their videos instead of working.
Don't sit at the table if you not bringing nothing to it
This issue was pulled from the floor so evidently opinions have changed.
Samuel...Korea really hates the boy
Holy Hell the Wikipedia page for Starlight Express is wild.
No cow tipping for the LA cousins, though?
The COTUS "radicalized" Ammon Bundy.
Trump is trying to stack the federal courts with wackadoos: ¥ ¨
Then decline the ride lol...
It is one of the few ancient #dog breeds still in existence in the world today. #Shiba
I'm not even being dramatic melodrama is the album of the century
im talking all the generic pop shit like justin bieber
Knock on the door &amp; ask Jugzy to go for drinks &gt; It is Friday. B4 U know it Ur playing with her knockers.
If you're trying to decide between me and a boy please pick the boy !!!!!!
Seems the witch,s spells are befalling on it.  The boomerang effect
The highest education is that which does not merely give us information but makes our life in harmony with all existence
one time i was depressed and i didnt wanna eat but i was so hungry and i saw my lush bubblegum lip scrub on the corner and ate that
Everything bad = Cons. is how the narrative goes, and they milk that and stir it up.
It's okay Jonghyun can go back to nuest and lead the group again and slay everyone
